once again you have denied us victory
how many times did I warn you that
nothing good would come of pursuing that
girl we would not be in this situation
if you had just stayed focused enough
all you do is taunted insult leader who
do not know what you are planning but I
know that I do not trust you and I am
ashamed that I ever did I have nothing
but noble intentions I understand now
what it means to be Noble and you are
none of those sites yourself righteous
path' I have put up with you for
entirely too long
be silent let me finish my task and then
we shall see what to do about you
listen fritz and look around we are in a
well do here water you see it feel its
moist embrace what I think it's gone I
think the Vizia has drained it
how long do you think if you maintain
your head still control of the body
tick tock Prince feeling thirsty filling
dry Oh am i distracting you
time is precious time is fleeting time
is something you have to live would you
like a drink
father suit but what is he doing here
come on did you really expect to find
him alive even after everything you have
experienced still you hold out hope for
what we've done what now then gather up
enough sand perform another grand rewind
or perhaps you can return to the island
and travel back to a time when he might
still be saved
maybe rescue a damsel in distress along
the way
you are right I have been like a child
naive and arrogant always rushing to
undo my mistakes never facing the
consequences of my actions
no more I acceptable a of them and all
that it implies
what is this you have no water how did
you you hold no power over me now begone
retreat to whatever dark hole spawns you
and do not trouble me again
easy